Update docker tag in readme (#1201)
hazelcast/hazelcast-nodejs-client: README.md

[Docker images](https://hub.docker.com/r/hazelcast/hazelcast/).

```bash

> docker run -p 5701:5701 hazelcast/hazelcast:latest

Reviewer: Is the `latest` tag necessary here? I thought it was the default value when you don't specify a tag. Maybe we can remove it

Author: done in 0e438611

```

> This command uses the `latest` tag in order to fetch the latest hazelcast version. You can find all available tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command fetches the latest Hazelcast version. You can find all available tags
```

Author: Is it always the case? What is latest tag in hazelcast docker? Is it master snapshot?  Is it 5.0? is it 5.1-beta? or 5.1? It is updated 2 months ago. We may lead users to wrong version.

Author: Maybe just saying `latest available hazelcast docker version` is better

Reviewer: Not a snapshot, it is just the most recently released patch version of the latest minor version. So, it should be okay to say that it is the latest Hazelcast version IMHO

Author: ok changing it then. I think they did not update docker hub yet after 5.1 release.

[here](https://hub.docker.com/r/hazelcast/hazelcast/tags).

> 

Reviewer: BTW, I just saw that there is a link at the top, to a similar page. Maybe this sentence is not required at all

Author: I just wanted to emphasize the way they can use to use other hazelcast versions. It is also a good practice to do so in Dockerfile.
